DOC: Clarify integration plans with *NiBabel* in the README (#128)
poldracklab/nitransforms: README.md

Compatibility between software tools and imaging formats is a necessary bridge
to ensure the reproducibility of results and enable the optimization and evaluation
of current image processing and analysis workflows.

## Integration with *NiBabel*
*NiTransforms* started as a feature-repo spun off of *NiBabel*.
Shortly after starting with [nipy/nibabel#656](https://github.com/nipy/nibabel/pull/656), it became apparent that it was going to build up in a humongous PR nobody would be able to review as thoroughly as it would require.
Also, *NiTransforms* has many connections to BIDS/BIDS-Derivatives and its X5 format specification for transforms, which falls outside of the current scope of *NiBabel*.

> The plan is to make it an isolated tool, and once it is finished, proceed with the integration into *NiBabel*.

Reviewer: "once it is finished" is pretty ambiguous - perhaps we can brainstorm a checklist

Author: ```suggestion
The plan is to make it an isolated tool, and once it is pertinent, proceed with the integration into *NiBabel*.
```

Once this repository is ready for integration, we will define what can go into *NiBabel* (presumably everything, except perhaps some final details of the X5 implementation, although *NiBabel* will support the data structure at least logically).

> This is to say that the chances that NiTransforms is integrated into NiBabel are high and scheduled to happen in ~10 months.

Reviewer: I don't think RTD will preserve the date
```suggestion
This is to say that the chances that NiTransforms is integrated into NiBabel are high and scheduled to happen in ~2022 Q2.
```
